Audit Quick start and Nodes (#946)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/develop/network-details/full-node-deployment.md

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="mainnet">

> We have created simple Ansible playbooks to set up a full node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ansible playbook is used to configure and manage a full node.
```

- Check [Ansible Repository](https://github.com/maticnetwork/node-ansible#requirements) for requirements.
- You will also need to make sure that Go is **not installed** on your VM / Machine. Setting up your full node through ansible will run into issues if you have Go already installed, as ansible requires specific packages of Go to be installed.
- You will also need to make sure that your VM / Machine does not have any previous setups for Polygon Validator or Heimdall or Bor. You will need to delete them as your setup will run into issues.
- The latest version, [Heimdall v.0.2.9](https://github.com/maticnetwork/heimdall/releases/tag/v0.2.9), contains a few enhancements. The delay time between the contract events of different validators **has been increased** to ensure that the mempool doesn't get filled very quickly in case of a burst of events which could hamper the progress of the chain. Additionally, the data size **has been restricted in state sync txs to 30Kb (when represented in bytes) and 60Kb (when represented as string)**. For example:

```bash

Data - "abcd1234"
Length in string format - 8
Hex Byte representation - [171 205 18 52]
Length in byte format - 4

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> ## Full node setup for Polygon mainnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Full Node Set Up for Polygon Mainnet
```
